NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
Jack: DON'T
YOU WORRY, CARLY.
IF YOU'RE OUT THERE...
NOTHING WILL STOP ME
FROM FINDING YOU.
CARLY, I KNOW
YOU'RE IN THERE.
I'VE COME TO HELP YOU!
IF ONLY YOU'D LET ME.
CARLY!
NO! IT CAN'T BE!
Dark Carly: BUT IT IS.
CARLY, WHO DID
THIS TO YOU? TELL ME.
FACE IT, JACKIE.
I'M A DARK SIGNER
BECAUSE OF YOU.
WRONG, CARLY.
BUT IT WILL BE
BECAUSE OF ME
THAT YOU'RE RID
OF THIS DARK SCOURGE.
REALLY? WELL,
I'M AFRAID
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO DO THAT, JACKIE.
LET'S DUEL!
COME ON OUT,
FORTUNE LADY EARTH
AND FORTUNE LADY DARK!
THIS IS GONNA HURT.
OH, I'M COUNTING
ON IT!
LET HIM HAVE IT!
CURSED THORN!
[JACK GROANING]
THE FUN'S NOT OVER YET.
GO GET HIM, LADY DARK!
Jack: DO WHAT YOU WILL.
BUT I BELIEVE
IN MY HEART
THE CARLY I KNOW
IS STILL SOMEWHERE
DEEP INSIDE YOU!
AND I'M GOING TO DO
WHATEVER I MUST
TO FIND HER, BRING
HER BACK OUT, AND
DO AWAY WITH YOU!
THERE'S A LONG WAY
TO GO!
AND IT'S GOING TO BE
ROUGH GOING FOR YOU!
Leo: OH, YUSEI...
Luna:
HE'S GONE.
Crow: YUSEI!
NO!
YUSEI'S A SURVIVOR.
THAT MUCH WE KNOW!
WHAT WE
DON'T KNOW IS
WHERE THIS
GLOWING LAKE OF
LIGHT TOOK HIM.
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?
WHERE ARE ALL
THOSE THINGS COMING FROM?
AAH! LET GO OF ME! BEAT IT!
[YUSEI GROANING]
HELP!
STAND DOWN, OH,
LOST SPIRITS OF
THE NETHERWORLD.
IT IS NOT
YET THIS ONE'S TIME.
YUSEI, THERE IS STILL
MUCH FOR YOU TO DO
BACK IN THE SATELLITE
SECTOR.
WHO ARE YOU?
SOMEONE NOT
TO BE QUESTIONED.
AAH!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
I'M TAKING
YOU DOWN!
WHAT A SCOOP! THAT'S
YOUR THIRD WIN IN A ROW!
HEY, ALL
IN A DAY'S WORK!
HOW ABOUT
ONE MORE SHOT!
BUT I'M
THE PHOTOGENIC ONE!
YEAH, YOU LOOK
GREAT GETTING
YOUR BUTT KICKED!
I DON'T GET IT,
CARLY. YOU'RE ALWAYS
TAKING PICTURES.
WHAT DO YOU GET
OUT OF IT?
UH, I NEVER REALLY
THOUGHT ABOUT IT.
I GUESS IF SOMEONE
DOES SOMETHING COOL,
I LIKE TO SHARE IT
WITH THE REST
OF THE WORLD.
YEAH, BUT WHY?
THE WORLD'S
A BIG PLACE.
WHAT DIFFERENCE
COULD A COUPLE OF
PICTURES REALLY MAKE?
WELL, IT'S NOT
JUST PICTURES.
IT'S TRYING TO BE
A GOOD PERSON, TOO.
AND I THINK THAT
YOU REALLY CAN MAKE
A DIFFERENCE.
'CAUSE IF YOU REACH
JUST ONE PERSON, YOU
CAN REACH THEM ALL.
[ECHOING
ALL...
I KNOW YOU'RE STILL
IN THERE, CARLY!
YOU MAY BE
A DARK SIGNER
ON THE OUTSIDE,
BUT THE REAL YOU IS
STILL THERE INSIDE...
THE GIRL WHO WANTS
TO MAKE THE WORLD
A BETTER PLACE.
AND I'M GOING TO
GET HER BACK!
YES, JACK.
NO! THIS IS
THE REAL ME!
CARLY, WAIT!
WAIT FOR WHAT, JACKIE?
MORE OF YOUR MIND GAMES?
IT'S MY DESTINY
TO BE A DARK SIGNER
AND YOURS AS WELL.
TOGETHER WE SHALL
RULE THE WORLD!
I SHOWED YOU
WHAT THE FUTURE HOLDS.
DON'T YOU SEE? IT'S
POINTLESS TO RESIST!
YOU'RE WRONG!
THE FUTURE HASN'T
BEEN DECIDED FOR
EITHER OF US YET.
YOU MAY HAVE
FOOLED ME WITH
THAT ILLUSION,
BUT YOU ALSO
SHOWED ME THE LIGHT!
THAT'S RIGHT.
WHEN I WAS LOST,
YOU WERE THERE TO
HELP ME FIND MY WAY.
YOU CAN USE WHAT
YOU'VE LEARNED
AND GO FORWARD.
THINK OF IT
THIS WAY...
OLD JACK LOST
IN THE BATTLE
AGAINST YUSEI
AND NEW JACK
WAS REBORN.
YOU CAN DO IT AGAIN.
YOU CAN GO BACK
TO THE SATELLITE
AND RIGHT
YOUR WRONGS.
YOU CAN SAY SORRY
TO YOUR FRIENDS,
AND THINGS
CAN BE LIKE
THEY WERE BEFORE.
THOSE WORDS RING OUT
TRUER NOW THAN EVER.
AND THAT'S WHY
I'M NOT GOING
TO GIVE UP,
NOT TO MENTION
WHY I PLAYED THAT
CHANGING DESTINY CARD.
YOU SEE, OTHER THAN
NEGATING YOUR ATTACK,
CHANGING DESTINY HAS
A SECOND ABILITY.
AND ONCE ACTIVATED,
EITHER YOUR
LIFE POINTS RECEIVE
A NICE LITTLE
POWER BOOST
OR MY LIFE POINTS
GET COMPLETELY RUN
OVER BY ITS EFFECT.
AND THE CHOICE
IS YOURS, CARLY.
MINE?
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND SINCE FORTUNE
LADY EARTH HAS
2,800 ATTACK POINTS!
EITHER YOU REGAIN
1,400 LIFE POINTS
OR I TAKE 1,400
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
SO GO AHEAD.
THINK IT OVER.
Dark Carly, thinking:
THERE'S NOTHING
TO THINK ABOUT.
HE ONLY HAS
800 LIFE POINTS LEFT.
IF I MAKE HIM
TAKE THE DAMAGE,
THE DUEL WILL BE OVER!
Dark Carly: YOU FOOL!
WHY DID YOU EVEN
BOTHER NEGATING MY
LADY EARTH'S ATTACK?
YOU KNEW IT WOULD
JUST COME TO THIS!
Jack: YES, TO YOU
MAKING A CHOICE.
AND LIKE I SAID,
I BELIEVE THE REAL
YOU IS STILL IN THERE,
AND THAT SHE'LL
MAKE THE RIGHT CHOICE.
SO WHAT'S IT
GOING TO BE, CARLY?
Dark Carly, thinking:
HEH HEH.
IT WILL BE AS
I'VE SAID ALL ALONG...
I WILL WIN THIS DUEL,
YOU WILL BECOME
A DARK SIGNER,
AND TOGETHER WE WILL RULE
A NEW ERA OF DARKNESS.
NOW TO MAKE
IT OFFICIAL...
I SELECT THE OPTION
THAT DEALS DAMAGE TO...
TO... TO...
TO... YOUR...
I SELECT THE OPTION
THAT LEAVES YOUR
LIFE POINTS UNTOUCHED.
CARLY...
IS IT REALLY YOU?
Carly: I THINK.
OH THANK GOODNESS
YOU'RE BACK.
I'LL SAY.
I'M SO SORRY FOR
EVERYTHING I'VE PUT
YOU THROUGH HERE, JACK.
NO, IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
THAT DARK ENERGY YOU
WERE INFLICTED
WITH IS TO BLAME.
BUT THANKFULLY, IT
SEEMS TO BE GONE NOW.
AT LAST... UGH!
CARLY, WHAT'S HAPPENING?
[MALE VOICE]
YOU DIDN'T REALLY
THINK IT WOULD BE
THAT EASY, DID YOU?
WHEN YOU ARE MARKED
WITH THE DARKNESS,
YOU ARE MARKED FOR LIFE.
[CARLY GROANING]
SO THEN YOU'RE
THE MONSTER THAT'S PULLING
THE STRINGS
ON ALL OF THIS.
QUITE RIGHT. AND I'M NOT
FINISHED WITH CARLY YET!
DESTROY HIM!
[DARK CARLY LAUGHS]
Jack: RELEASE CARLY!
Dark Carly:
ONLY IF YOU
MANAGE TO BEAT ME
IN A DUEL, JACKIE!
SO LET'S GET BACK
TO IT. I PLAY
CURSE OF DESTINY!
WHEN THIS CARD
IS IN PLAY,
I CAN PLACE TWO
CURSE COUNTERS ON MY
FORTUNE LADY EARTH.
THEN BY REMOVING
A COUNTER,
I CAN DEAL YOU
DAMAGE WITHOUT
ATTACKING.
HOWEVER, SINCE
MY LADY EARTH
ALREADY ATTACKED,
I HAVE TO WAIT
TILL NEXT ROUND
TO PLAY IT.
NEXT, I'LL END
MY TURN BY PLAYING
TWO FACE-DOWNS.
[CHUCKLES]
YOUR MOVE, BUT THIS
TIME DON'T WASTE IT
ON TRYING TO GET
CARLY BACK. THAT'S
NOT HAPPENING!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
Jack: VERY WELL.
THEN I'LL JUST REMOVE
YOU FROM CARLY
THE OLD-FASHIONED WAY.
I'LL KNOCK YOU OUT OF
HERE WITH SHEER FORCE!
HERE GOES.
SINCE THERE ARE MONSTERS
ONLY ON YOUR FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON VICE DRAGON
FROM MY HAND!
BUT SINCE I'M SUMMONING
HIM BY WAY OF HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY,
HIS ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS
ARE HALVED!
NEXT I'LL SUMMON
DARK RESONATOR
FROM MY HAND!
AND AS YOU'RE ABOUT TO SEE,
IT RESONATES QUITE NICELY
WITH MY VICE DRAGON.
THAT'S RIGHT.
LEVEL 3 DARK RESONATOR
TUNES LEVEL 5 VICE DRAGON
AND SYNCHRO
SUMMONS THE RAVENOUS
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
[ROARING]
QUITE A MIGHTY
BEAST.
IN FACT, A PERSONAL
FAVORITE OF MINE.
A SHAME THAT HE WON'T
BE STAYING FOR TOO LONG.
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP...
CLASS CHANGE!
IT INCREASES
MY FORTUNE LADY EARTH'S
LEVEL BY ONE!
AND SINCE
HER LEVEL INCREASED,
SHE ALSO GAINS
400 ATTACK POINTS,
MAKING HER STRONGER
THAN YOUR DRAGON.
[DARK CARLY
LAUGHS SINISTERLY]
BUT AS GOOD AS
HER FIRST SPECIAL
ABILITY IS, JACKIE,
HER SECOND ONE
IS EVEN BETTER.
IT DEALS 400 POINTS
OF DIRECT DAMAGE TO YOU!
LET HIM HAVE IT!
HA HA HA HA!
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE LIKE THE FLAME ON
A FLICKERING CANDLE!
IT'S JUST A MATTER
OF TIME BEFORE
THE DARKNESS TAKES HOLD.
IF THAT'S THE CASE,
I THINK I'LL BUY
SOME MORE TIME.
GO SPEED SPELL
HALF SEEDS!
NOW SINCE I HAVE 3
OR MORE SPEED COUNTERS,
HALF OF YOUR
MONSTER'S ATTACK
POINTS ARE DEDUCTED
AND ADDED
TO MY LIFE POINTS!
AND THAT MEANS
MY ARCHFIEND IS
BACK ON TOP OF
THE FOOD CHAIN.
A LUCKY MOVE!
SORRY, BUT MY FLAME?
IT'S NOT BURNING
OUT ANYTIME SOON.
IN FACT, THINGS
ARE ABOUT TO GET
REALLY FIRED UP!
RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND, ATTACK!
[CARLY GROANING]
Jack: THERE. PLEASE TELL
ME THAT RELEASED CARLY.
CARLY!
CARLY, NO!
Crow: HE'S DOWN THERE
SOMEWHERE.
YUSEI. YUSEI!
Yusei, thinking:
I JUST DON'T GET IT.
SOME MYSTERY MAN SAVES ME
FROM A GANG OF GRABBY GHOULS
AND THEN VANISHES
WITHOUT A TRACE?
WHOA.
OK, MAYBE NOT
WITHOUT ANY TRACE.
WHERE'S THAT LIGHT
COMING FROM?
OR BETTER YET WHO?
I GOT TO FIND OUT.
OH, WELL.
LOOKS LIKE THIS IS
THE END OF THE ROAD.
NO. THIS IS
JUST THE BEGINNING
FOR YOU, YUSEI.
WHY'D YOU SAVE ME FROM
THOSE SPIRITS EARLIER?
WHO ARE YOU?
WHO AM I?
DO YOU MEAN TO TELL
ME YOU DON'T RECOGNIZE
YOUR OWN DAD?
FATHER? BUT YOU'RE...
LISTEN TO ME, YUSEI.
THERE'S NOT MUCH TIME.
THERE IS STILL MUCH
FOR YOU TO DO BACK IN
THE SATELLITE SECTOR.
WAIT! WHAT
DO YOU MEAN?
MY SON, YOU ARE DESTINED
FOR GREAT THINGS.
FATHER!
BUT YOU MUST RISE
TO THAT GREATNESS IF
YOU ARE TO ACHIEVE THEM.
FATHER, DON'T LEAVE ME!
MY SON, I NEVER
HAVE. I WILL
ALWAYS BE WITH YOU.
NO, FATHER, COME BACK!
LOOK! UP TOP THERE!
IS THAT...
Together: YEAH, IT'S YUSEI!
Trudge: EASY.
HERE HE COMES.
Crow: YUSEI,
OPEN YOUR EYES!
Leo: SAY SOMETHING!
Luna: ARE YOU OK?
HEY THERE!
I'LL REMEMBER WHAT
YOU SAID, FATHER.
Crow: UH, YOU
FEELING OK, YUSEI?
WHAT?
WHAT EXACTLY
HAPPENED DOWN THERE?
Leo: HEY, GIVE HIM
A BREAK, WOULD YOU?
HE'S JUST A LITTLE
SHAKEN UP, THAT'S ALL.
I'M FINE.
THANKS FOR LOOKING
OUT FOR ME, YOU GUYS.
NO PROB.
NOW TO LOOK OUT FOR
THE REST OF THE WORLD,
AND THERE'S NO TIME
TO SPARE!
IN THAT CASE, WE
BETTER GET A MOVE ON!
RIGHT. WE
HAVE TO SEAL
THE REMAINING
TWO TOWERS BY SUNSET
OR THE KING OF
THE NETHERWORLD
WILL RESURRECT!
LET'S MOVE!
Jack: CARLY,
WHAT'S HAPPENING!
PLEASE, PLEASE TALK TO ME!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT? UGH!
THERE IS NO CARLY!
YOU LIE!
NOW LET'S CONTINUE!
I ACTIVATE
INHERITED FORTUNE!
WITH THIS TRAP CARD
IN PLAY, I'M ALLOWED
TO SUMMON
TWO MORE FORTUNE LADIES
NEXT ROUND TO REPLACE
THE ONE YOU DESTROYED
DURING THIS TURN.
NEXT I'LL
PLAY A FACE-DOWN.
THAT'S ALL FOR NOW.
Jack, thinking:
TIME'S RUNNING OUT.
I HAVE TO DO
SOMETHING. BUT WHAT?
MY DRAW!
THAT LAST ATTACK
LEFT CARLY WEAKER
THAN EVER.
ONE MORE STRIKE,
AND I COULD LOSE
HER FOR GOOD!
FIRST, DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF INHERIT FORTUNE,
I GET TO SUMMON
TWO FORTUNE LADIES!
RISE, FORTUNE LADY WIND
AND FORTUNE LADY WATER!
NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
WATER'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
IT ALLOWS ME TO DRAW
ONE CARD FOR EVERY
FORTUNE LADY ON MY FIELD.
AND SINCE I CURRENTLY
HAVE TWO, IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE IN DOUBLE TROUBLE!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
OH, YES. I'VE BEEN
WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT.
I RELEASE FORTUNE
LADY WATER AND WIND
AND SUMMON THE ALL POWERFUL,
THE ALMIGHTY...
THE WHAT?
OH, JACKIE, SIMPLY
IMAGINE YOUR WORST
NIGHTMARE
AND YOU'LL HAVE
YOUR ANSWER.
BEHOLD, AS 5,000 YEARS PASS
AND A PORTAL TO
THE NETHERWORLD OPENS.
BEHOLD THE TERRIFYING
MANIFESTATION OF
WHAT WILL BE
WHEN ALL THE SPIRITS
OF THE SATELLITE ARE
SWALLOWED BY DARKNESS!
Jack, thinking:
SOUNDS LIKE I'M ABOUT
TO GET A SNEAK PREVIEW
OF WHAT'S TO COME
SHOULD THE DARK SIGNERS
GET THEIR WAY.
I SEE THE FEAR
IN YOUR EYES.
AND YOU ARE WISE
TO TREMBLE.
DESCEND, EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL ASLLA PISCU!
BEHOLD, THE EARTHBOUND
THIS IS BUT A TASTE OF
WHAT THE REST OF THE WORLD
HAS TO LOOK FORWARD TO.
NOW PREPARE TO FEEL
THE WRATH OF THE SHADOWS!
Jack, thinking: IF
THAT BEHEMOTH STRIKES
ME, I'M DONE FOR.
THERE'S ONLY ONE CHANCE.
Jack:
I SUMMON FORTH
BATTLE FADER!
FADER CAN BE
SUMMONED WHENEVER
I'M ATTACKED DIRECTLY.
AND THANKS TO ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY,
THIS ROUND'S BATTLE
PHASE ENDS AND YOUR
ATTACK IS CANCELED.
GUESS I'LL JUST SETTLE
FOR A FACE-DOWN, THEN.
YOUR MOVE, AND IT
WILL BE YOUR LAST!
THEN GET READY
BECAUSE YOU HAD
BETTER BELIEVE
I'M GOING TO USE IT
TO SAVE CARLY!
AFTER ALL, I'M NOT
THE ONLY ONE SHE
MEANS SOMETHING TO!
YOU SEE, CARLY MADE
ME FEEL SOMETHING
NOBODY ELSE
EVER HAS!
I DIDN'T REALIZE IT
AT FIRST,
BUT SHE MADE ME
BELIEVE IN MYSELF!
WHEN SHE DID,
I COULD BELIEVE
IN OTHERS.
BY REACHING ME,
CARLY REACHED
SO VERY MANY OF US.
AND I CAN FEEL EVERY
LAST ONE OF THEM
WITH ME RIGHT NOW!
YOU MAY HAVE
THE SHADOWS
ON YOUR SIDE,
BUT I HAVE
THE LIGHT.
WHAT THIS?
MY MARK, IT'S FADING.
Leo: WEIRD. THE SAME
THING HAPPENED TO YUSEI.
HEY. WHAT'S
GOING ON?
IT'S JACK.
I CAN FEEL IT.
Jack, thinking:
MY FRIENDS, I CAN FEEL
THEIR POWER INSIDE ME.
I CAN FEEL THEIR STRENGTH.
AND I'D SAY SOMETHING'S
TELLING ME TO PUT IT
TO GOOD USE!
SO LET'S!
MAJESTIC DRAGON! BUT IF I
USE THIS, THEN...
Carly: THEN
YOU'LL WIN, JACK.
CARLY,
IS THAT YOU?
YES, I'M HERE.
YOU MUST LISTEN
CAREFULLY.
OF COURSE!
YOU'VE DONE ALL YOU CAN,
BUT IT'S TIME
YOU FORGOT ABOUT ME.
DON'T SAY THAT!
NOW YOU MUST DO WHAT
YOU CAN TO SAVE THE WORLD.
THERE'S TOO MUCH
AT STAKE NOT TO!
RUBBISH!
JUST HOLD ON.
I'LL FIND A WAY
TO SAVE YOU YET!
NO. YOU HAVE TO WIN
THIS DUEL AND WIN IT NOW!
BUT IF I ATTACK,
THEN YOU'LL BE LOST
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
AND IF YOU DON'T,
I'LL STILL BE UNDER
THE DARK SIGNERS' CONTROL.
SHOULD THE DARKNESS
WIN THIS MATCH, A LOT
OF PEOPLE WILL BE ABSORBED
INTO THE SHADOWS.
YOU MUST DO THIS FOR ME.
CARLY, IF THESE
ARE YOUR WISHES,
THEN VERY WELL.
I'LL DO AS YOU SAY.
THEY ARE, JACK. THANKS.
HERE GOES, CARLY.
THIS ONE'S
FOR YOU.
NOW THEN LET'S GIVE IT
TO THOSE DARK SIGNERS!
I SUMMON MAJESTIC DRAGON!
NO ATTACK POINTS?
NO PROBLEM!
BECAUSE
THANKS TO HIM,
MY LEVEL 8 RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND AND LEVEL ONE
BATTLE FADER ARE
TUNED UP AND TRICKED
OUT TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
SOMETHING THAT
HAS SOME SERIOUS BITE!
THAT'S RIGHT.
FROM OUT OF THESE
THREE COMES ONE.
AND HE'S GOT ONE THING
ON HIS MIND...
TAKING YOU DOWN!
I GIVE YOU THE MAJESTIC
RED DRAGON!
Duel runner computer: WHEN
MAJESTIC RED DRAGON ATTACKS,
ALL MONSTERS ON THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE ARE DESTROYED
AFTER THE BATTLE.
AND THE SAVING
STARTS NOW
BECAUSE MAJESTIC
RED DRAGON
NEGATES THE ABILITY
OF YOUR MONSTER!
AND THEN HE GAINS
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THOSE MONSTERS
UNTIL THE END
OF THE TURN!
IN OTHER WORDS,
THE ALMIGHTY POWER
OF YOUR EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL ASLLA PISCU
IS NOW MINE
AND TO THE TUNE OF
6,500 ATTACK POINTS!
YOU WON'T ATTACK ME.
YOU'LL HURT LITTLE CARLY!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
AND I WON'T LET HER
MAKE THAT SACRIFICE!
Jack, thinking:
AT LEAST NOT ALONE,
WHICH IS
WHY I STILL HAVE
A FACE-DOWN TO PLAY.
SHOCKWAVE.
WHEN IT'S ACTIVATED,
IF A MONSTER ON THE
FIELD IS DESTROYED,
THEN BOTH PLAYERS
TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO
THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
AND SINCE I CAN
USE SHOCKWAVE
TO DESTROY MAJESTIC
RED DRAGON,
CARLY AND I
WOULD BOTH TAKE
ENOUGH DAMAGE
TO LOSE THIS DUEL
AT THE SAME TIME.
IT'S WHAT
MUST BE DONE.
WE'LL BE TOGETHER
AGAIN SOON, CARLY,
NOT THE WAY I HAD HOPED,
BUT TOGETHER NONETHELESS,
AND THAT'S THE ONLY
THING THAT MATTERS!
OH, JACK, YOU'RE WRONG.
YOU HAVE ANOTHER DESTINY
IN STORE. REMEMBER?
NO, CARLY,
IT'S ALREADY DONE!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP...
EARTHBOUND RELEASE!
WHAT?! BUT...
Dark Carly:
WITH THIS IN PLAY,
ALL MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
ARE DESTROYED!
AND THEN YOU TAKE
DAMAGE EQUAL TO ALL
THEIR ATTACK POINTS!
IN OTHER WORDS,
JACKIE, YOU'VE LOST!
FACE IT, JACKIE,
YOU'VE LOST.
WITH EARTHBOUND
RELEASE OUT,
ALL MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
ARE DESTROYED
AND YOU TAKE
THEIR ATTACK POINTS
AS DAMAGE!
YOU'RE WRONG! MY DRAGON'S
ABILITY IS STILL IN PLAY,
SO YOUR EFFECT IS
NEGATED AND YOU TAKE
THE DAMAGE, NOT ME!
BUT WHY WOULD YOU MAKE
SUCH A CARELESS MOVE UNLESS...
UNLESS, OF COURSE,
IT'S CARLY!
SHE MUST HAVE USED
THE LAST BIT OF STRENGTH
SHE HAD TO FORCE
YOUR HAND AND SAVE ME.
Carly:
I TOLD YOU, JACK,
YOU HAVE ANOTHER
DESTINY IN STORE
FOR YOU.
AND AS MUCH
AS I APPRECIATE YOU
WILLING TO SACRIFICE
EVERYTHING FOR ME,
IT'S IMPORTANT
THAT YOU FULFILL IT!
AFTER ALL,
YOU'RE GOING TO
BE KING, JACK!
CARLY!
AAH!
Mina: THE GEOGLYPH
IS DISAPPEARING.
THE DUEL MUST BE OVER.
AND IT LOOKS AS
THOUGH JACK'S WON.
ALL RIGHT! I KNEW
THAT HE'D DO IT!
Mina, thinking:
HOW COULD HE NOT?
HE'S THE BEST THERE IS.
CARLY! CARLY!
JUST HANG
IN THERE, CARLY.
YOU HEAR ME?
YES, JACK. I HEAR YOU.
YOU'RE GOING TO
MAKE IT THROUGH THIS!
I KNOW, JACK.
I WILL BUT NOT HERE.
NO, DON'T SAY THAT. LOOK,
I SAVED THESE FOR YOU.
THANKS, JACK.
BUT I DON'T WANT YOU
TO WORRY ABOUT ME.
EVEN THOUGH THE NETHERWORLD
IS CALLING FOR ME,
I'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
I'M NOT SCARED, AND
YOU SHOULDN'T BE EITHER.
WE'LL BE TOGETHER
AGAIN SOMEDAY.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M GOING TO DO WHATEVER IT
TAKES TO BRING YOU BACK.
I'LL NEVER GIVE UP HOPE,
AND I'LL NEVER STOP
FIGHTING FOR YOU, CARLY.
I KNOW, JACK.
THAT'S WHY YOU'RE
MY NUMBER ONE.
NOW THEN I'M AFRAID
IT'S TIME
I GET GOING.
GOOD-BYE, JACK.
CARLY?
I WON'T EVER FORGET
EVERYTHING
YOU DID FOR ME.
AND I WON'T
FORGET YOU, JACK.
YOU SEE? I TOLD YOU
I'D BE ALL RIGHT.
Crow: CHECK IT
OUT, YUSEI!
DO YOU THINK
THIS MEANS THAT
JACK WON HIS DUEL?
YEAH, SURE
IT DOES!
THEN THERE'S JUST ONE
TOWER LEFT TO SEAL.
AND I HAVE A BAD
FEELING IT'S GOING TO BE
THE MOST DIFFICULT
ONE OF THEM ALL.